# Construction Spending Time Series Dataset[Download Construction Spending Dataset Here](https://www.census.gov/econ/currentdata/datasets/index)CATEGORIES Section  ------------------      cat_idx	cat_desc    1	Total Construction    2	Residential    3	Nonresidential    4	Lodging    5	Office    6	Commercial    7	Health Care    8	Educational    9	Religious    10	Public Safety    11	Amusement and Recreation    12	Transportation    13	Communication    14	Power    15	Highway and Street    16	Sewage and Waste Disposal    17	Water Supply    18	Conservation and Development    19	Manufacturing    20	Annual Rate for Total Construction    21	Annual Rate for Residential    22	Annual Rate for Nonresidential    23	Annual Rate for Lodging    24	Annual Rate for Office    25	Annual Rate for Commercial    26	Annual Rate for Health Care    27	Annual Rate for Educational    28	Annual Rate for Religious    29	Annual Rate for Public Safety    30	Annual Rate for Amusement and Recreation    31	Annual Rate for Transportation    32	Annual Rate for Communication    33	Annual Rate for Power    34	Annual Rate for Highway and Street    35	Annual Rate for Sewage and Waste Disposal    36	Annual Rate for Water Supply    37	Annual Rate for Conservation and Development    38	Annual Rate for ManufacturingDATA TYPES Section  ------------------      dt_idx	dt_code	dt_desc	                                        dt_unit    1	T	Total Construction	                        MLN$    2	V	Total Private Construction	                MLN$    3	P	Total Public Construction	                MLN$    4	MPCT	Monthly Percent Change for Total Construction	PCT    5	MPCV	Monthly Percent Change for Private Construction	PCT    6	MPCP	Monthly Percent Change for Public Construction	PCTThe data type section provides the specific item and type of estimate  in the time series, along with units of measure.  Columns:    		dt_idx      Index used to associate a data value with the data type.    		dt_code     Abbreviated data type code.    		dt_desc     The name of the item and type of estimate in the time                				series (e.g., sales- monthly and sales- monthly percent                				change)    		dt_unit     The unit of measure code for this data type. Below is 				a list of possible codes and their meanings:                                MLN$   Millions of Dollars                                BLN$   Billions of Dollars                                K$     Thousands of Dollars                                PCT    Percent                                UNITS  Units                                RATIO  Ratio                                MO     Number of Months                				DOL    Dollars                                K      Thousands of Units                                CP$    Cents per dollar                                %PTS   Percentage Points                                CENTS  Cents                       ERROR TYPES Section  -------------------      et_idx	et_code	et_desc	                                                        et_unit    1	E_T	Relative Standard Error for Total Construction	                PCT    2	E_V	Relative Standard Error for Total Private Construction	        PCT    3	E_P	Relative Standard Error for Total Public Construction	        PCT    4	E_MPCT	Relative Standard Error for MPC Total Construction	        PCT    5	E_MPCV	Relative Standard Error for MPC Total Private Construction	PCT    6	E_MPCP	Relative Standard Error for MPC Total Public Construction	PCTThe error types section provides estimates of sampling variability for  the items/estimates in the time series. These values will only be  available if the program publishes these measures; they are not  available for census programs such as Foreign Trade or non-probability  samples such as Manufacturers' Shipments, Inventories, and Orders  (M3). Datasets which do not publish this type of data will not contain this section.  Standard errors (SEs) are provided for monthly or quarterly estimates  of totals. Coefficients of variation (CV)/Relative Standard Errors  (RSE) are provided for percent change estimates. The CV /RSE is  computed as the SE/EST (EST = estimated percent change)  Columns:    	et_idx      Index used to associate a data value with the error type.    	et_code     Abbreviated error type code.    		et_desc     The name of the item and type of estimate of sampling                				variability in the time series (e.g., coefficients of                				variation of sales and standard errors of sales)    	et_unit     The unit of measure code for this error type. Below is 				a list of possible codes and their meanings:                				MLN$   Millions of Dollars                                BLN$   Billions of Dollars                                K$     Thousands of Dollars                                PCT    Percent                                UNITS  Units                                RATIO  Ratio                                MO     Number of Months                                DOL    Dollars                                K      Thousands of Units                                CP$    Cents per dollar                                %PTS   Percentage Points                                CENTS  Cents                       GEO LEVELS Section  ------------------      geo_idx     geo_code    geo_desc    1	    US	        U.S. TotalThe geo levels section contains the geographic region associated with  data values.  Geographic breakdowns are not available for every time  series.  Columns:    	geo_idx     Index used to associate a data value with the    			geographical level.    	geo_code    Abbreviated geo level code.    	geo_desc    Geographic level label.  					 DATA Section  ------------  The data section contains the data values sorted by time period. The  values are linked to their corresponding metadata using the index  columns.  Columns:    	per_idx     Index used to associate a data value with the time                				period.    	cat_idx     Index used to associate a data value with the category.    	dt_idx      Index used to associate a data value with the data type.    	et_idx      Index used to associate a data value with the error                				type. This column is only present if the time series                				contains error data. Any non-zero value in this column                				designates the corresponding data value as error data.                				When the value in this column is non-zero, the dt_idx                				column will always be zero.    	geo_idx     Index used to associate a data value with the                				geographical level.    	is_adj      Identifies whether the value is seasonally adjusted or                				not. A value of 1 indicates that it is adjusted, 0 means                				it is not.    	val         The data value.					 Data Usage and Attribution==========================The time series provided represent official statistics released by theU.S. Census Bureau. Do not alter the precision of data values whenstoring or formatting them for display, or the results may disagree withthe official releases.All products developed using these data files must attribute the datasource as the U.S. Census Bureau and must contain the originatingprogram name.